docs: added an Introductory section to the "Getting started" (#6554)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/getting-started.md

# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#
-->  

> ## What is an API Gateway?

Reviewer: Maybe we can delete the question mark here? Since the other titles are texts only.
```suggestion
## What is an API Gateway
```

> An API gateway is an API management tool that acts as a mid layer service between a client and a number backend services. Typically, the API gateway receives the clients requests and processes it by summoning multiple microservices, aggregating the services & returning the appropriate results.

Reviewer: I think using `and` is more appropriate here. 
```suggestion
An API gateway is an API management tool that acts as a mid layer service between a client and a number backend services. Typically, the API gateway receives the clients requests and processes it by summoning multiple microservices, aggregating the services and returning the appropriate results.
```

## What is Apache APISIX

> Apache APISIX is an open source, dynamic and high-performance cloud-native API gateway that delivers the ultimate performance for all your APIs and microservices. Think of APISIX as a service bus that connects APIs and microservices in your cloud-native architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache APISIX is an open-source, dynamic and high-performance cloud-native API gateway that delivers the ultimate performance for all your APIs and microservices. Think of APISIX as a service bus that connects APIs and microservices in your cloud-native architecture.
```

> Apache APISIX handles the interface traffic for Websites, mobile and IoT applications. By providing services such as load balancing, dynamic upstream, grayscale publishing, refined routing, current and speed limiting, service degradation, service fuse, identity.

Reviewer 2: No need to mention this many features here according to me.

```suggestion
Apache APISIX facilitates interface traffic handling for Websites, Mobile and IoT applications by providing services such as load balancing, dynamic upstream, grayscale publishing, refined routing, current and speed limiting, and many more.
```

### The problem APISIX solves
  - Help enterprises to solve the difficulties in the transformation of traditional monolithic architecture, so as to achieve rapid iteration of business and products.

>   - Apache APISIX  replaces NGINX and handles traditional north-south traffic. It also replaces Envoy to handle east-west traffic between services. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Apache APISIX replaces NGINX and handles traditional north-south traffic. It also replaces Envoy to handle east-west traffic between services. 
```

  - Handles Layer 4 and Layer 7 traffic: HTTP, HTTPs, TCP, UDP, MQTT, Dubbo, gRPC, etc.
  - It can also be used as a [k8s ingress controller](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller).
  - Use IdP plugin as Zero-Trust gateway
  - Easy to use: APISIX also consists of a built-in low-code dashboard that offers a powerful and flexible interface. You can write your own custom plugins or use custom load balancing algorithms.
  - Apache APISIX supports multi-platforms, languages and protocols. 

## Features

> Apache APISIX not only covers the traditional functions of NGINX, but also deeply cooperates with Apache SkyWalking in observability, which greatly improves service governance capabilities. Some of the characteristics of the Apache APISIX gateway include;
>   - All platforms:
>   
>   APISIX is a cloud native, open source API gateway. You can run APISIX from bare-metal to Kubernetes. Since APISIX supports ARM6, it avoids the lock-in challenge of the infra technology. It also provides integration to cloud providers like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Lua functions and Apache OpenWhisk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apache APISIX not only covers the traditional functions of NGINX, but also deeply cooperates with Apache SkyWalking in observability, which greatly improves service governance capabilities. Some of the characteristics of the Apache APISIX gateway include:

  - All platforms:
  APISIX is a cloud native, open source API gateway. You can run APISIX from bare-metal to Kubernetes. Since APISIX supports ARM64, it avoids the lock-in challenge of the infrastructure technology. It also provides integration to cloud providers like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Lua functions and Apache OpenWhisk.
```

Reviewer: For the bullet points, I think it would be better displayed if format is changed to one of the following ways:

`All Platforms: .....`
or
`All Platforms:`
`<tab> to indent the explanation texts`

It is totally up to you.

>   APISIX is a cloud native, open source API gateway. You can run APISIX from bare-metal to Kubernetes. Since APISIX supports ARM6, it avoids the lock-in challenge of the infra technology. It also provides integration to cloud providers like AWS Lambda,Azure Functions, Lua functions, Apache OpenWhisk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  APISIX is a cloud native, open source API gateway. You can run APISIX from bare-metal to Kubernetes. Since APISIX supports ARM6, it avoids the lock-in challenge of the infra technology. It also provides integration to cloud providers like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Lua functions and Apache OpenWhisk.
```

  - Full Dynamic:
  

>   The biggest feature of Apache APISIX is that it is fully dynamic. That includes routing, SSL certificates, plugins, upstream etc. All features are dynamically configured through the admin API, without having to restart the service at all.
>   - Fine-grained routing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The biggest feature of Apache APISIX is that it is fully dynamic. That includes routing, SSL certificates, plugins, upstream etc. All features are dynamically configured through the admin API, without having to restart the service at all.
  
  - Fine-grained routing:
```

>   Support all Nginx built-in variables as conditions for routing, so you can use cookie, args, etc. as routing conditions to implement canary release, A/B testing, etc.  Apache APISIX provides operators that serve as judgment conditions for routing and a custom routing matching function. By using GraphQL attributes, APISIX allows you to filter routes.
>   - OPS friendly:
>   
>   Apache APISIX has been adopted amongst organisation’s DevOps team because of it Ops-friendly strategy.
>   - Multi-Language support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Support all Nginx built-in variables as conditions for routing, so you can use cookie, args, etc. as routing conditions to implement canary release, A/B testing, etc.  Apache APISIX provides operators that serve as judgment conditions for routing and a custom routing matching function. By using GraphQL attributes, APISIX allows you to filter routes.
  
  - OPS friendly:
  
  Apache APISIX has been adopted amongst organisation’s DevOps team because of it Ops-friendly strategy.
  
  - Multi-Language support:
```

>   Apache APISIX is a multi-language gateway for plugin development and supports multiple languages via RPCand Wasm. Developers can choose the language according to their needs and only need to write the code according to the SDK before compiling it into a Wasm bytecode. APISIX has support for Java, Golang, Python and Node.js. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Apache APISIX is a multi-language gateway for plugin development and supports multiple languages via RPC and Wasm. Developers can choose the language according to their needs and only need to write the code according to the SDK before compiling it to Wasm bytecode. APISIX has support for Java, Golang, Python and Node.js. 
```

### The problem APISIX solves
  - Help enterprises to solve the difficulties in the transformation of traditional monolithic architecture, so as to achieve rapid iteration of business and products.
  - Apache APISIX replaces NGINX and handles traditional north-south traffic. It also replaces Envoy to handle east-west traffic between services. 
  - Handles Layer 4 and Layer 7 traffic: HTTP, HTTPs, TCP, UDP, MQTT, Dubbo, gRPC, etc.
  - It can also be used as a [k8s ingress controller](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller).
  - Use IdP plugin as Zero-Trust gateway
  - Easy to use: APISIX also consists of a built-in low-code dashboard that offers a powerful and flexible interface. You can write your own custom plugins or use custom load balancing algorithms.
  - Apache APISIX supports multi-platforms, languages and protocols. 

## Features
Apache APISIX not only covers the traditional functions of NGINX, but also deeply cooperates with Apache SkyWalking in observability, which greatly improves service governance capabilities. Some of the characteristics of the Apache APISIX gateway include:

  - All platforms:

>   APISIX is a cloud native, open source API gateway. You can run APISIX from bare-metal to Kubernetes. Since APISIX supports ARM64, it avoids the lock-in challenge of the infrastructure technology. It also provides integration to cloud providers like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Lua functions and Apache OpenWhisk.
>   - Full Dynamic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  APISIX is a cloud native, open source API gateway. You can run APISIX from bare-metal to Kubernetes. Since APISIX supports ARM64, it avoids the lock-in challenge of the infrastructure technology. It also provides integration to cloud providers like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Lua functions and Apache OpenWhisk.
  
  - Full Dynamic:
```

# See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
# limitations under the License.
#

> -->  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
-->
```

> ## What is an API Gateway

Reviewer 4: Let's add some links as references.

> ## What is an API Gateway

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## What is an API Gateway

```
Headings should be surrounded by blank lines

> An API gateway is an API management tool that acts as a mid layer service between a client and a number backend services. Typically, the API gateway receives the clients requests and processes it by summoning multiple microservices, aggregating the services and returning the appropriate results.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
An API gateway is an API management tool that acts as a mid-layer service between a client and a number of backend services. Typically, the API gateway receives the clients' requests and processes them by summoning multiple microservices, aggregating the services, and returning the appropriate results.
```

> ## What is Apache APISIX

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
## What is Apache APISIX

```

> ## What is Apache APISIX

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## What is Apache APISIX

```
Headings should be surrounded by blank lines

> Apache APISIX is an open-source, dynamic and high-performance cloud-native API gateway that delivers the ultimate performance for all your APIs and microservices. Think of APISIX as a service bus that connects APIs and microservices in your cloud-native architecture.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Apache APISIX is an open-source, dynamic, and high-performance cloud-native API gateway that delivers the ultimate performance for all your APIs and microservices. Think of APISIX as a service bus that connects APIs and microservices in your cloud-native architecture.
```

Apache APISIX facilitates interface traffic handling for Websites, Mobile and IoT applications by providing services such as load balancing, dynamic upstream, grayscale publishing, refined routing, current and speed limiting, and many more.

> ### The problem APISIX solves

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
### The problem APISIX solves

```

> ### The problem APISIX solves

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### The problem APISIX solves

```
Headings should be surrounded by blank lines

  - Help enterprises to solve the difficulties in the transformation of traditional monolithic architecture, so as to achieve rapid iteration of business and products.

>   - Apache APISIX replaces NGINX and handles traditional north-south traffic. It also replaces Envoy to handle east-west traffic between services. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Apache APISIX replaces NGINX and handles traditional north-south traffic. It also replaces Envoy to handle east-west traffic between services.
```

  - Handles Layer 4 and Layer 7 traffic: HTTP, HTTPs, TCP, UDP, MQTT, Dubbo, gRPC, etc.
  - It can also be used as a [k8s ingress controller](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller).
  - Use IdP plugin as Zero-Trust gateway
  - Easy to use: APISIX also consists of a built-in low-code dashboard that offers a powerful and flexible interface. You can write your own custom plugins or use custom load balancing algorithms.

>   - Apache APISIX supports multi-platforms, languages and protocols. 

Reviewer 4: Let's remove this line. Already covered in `Features` section.

>   - Apache APISIX supports multi-platforms, languages and protocols. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  - Apache APISIX supports multi-platforms, languages and protocols.
```

> ## Features

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
## Features

```

> ## Features

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Features

```
Headings should be surrounded by blank lines

> Apache APISIX not only covers the traditional functions of NGINX, but also deeply cooperates with Apache SkyWalking in observability, which greatly improves service governance capabilities. Some of the characteristics of the Apache APISIX gateway include:

Reviewer 4: We support a lot of different observability platforms. Any specific reason for using just `SkyWalking`?

Reviewer 4: Anything @Anita-ihuman? Else please rephase this.

>   - All platforms:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - Multi-Platform Support:
```

Also, please make all the list headers as title cases (first letter uppercase).

Reviewer 3: @Anita-ihuman Please check this out.

Author: I fixed this too.  I had problems with the branching, but I implemented this already

Reviewer 3: Never mind, do let me know if I can help. :)

Reviewer 3: Almost there.

>   APISIX is a cloud native, open source API gateway. You can run APISIX from bare-metal to Kubernetes. Since APISIX supports ARM64, it avoids the lock-in challenge of the infrastructure technology. It also provides integration to cloud providers like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Lua functions and Apache OpenWhisk.

Reviewer 4: extra newline in between L43-44 for consistent styling?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41498427/158064216-a007000f-72bc-4517-9c66-e131cb730b12.png)

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

>   - Full Dynamic:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - Fully Dynamic:
```
 better?

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

>   The biggest feature of Apache APISIX is that it is fully dynamic. That includes routing, SSL certificates, plugins, upstream etc. All features are dynamically configured through the admin API, without having to restart the service at all.

Reviewer 4: please inject the term `hot-reload` ( a terminology most people are aware of).

Reviewer 3: @Anita-ihuman Please check this out.

Author: I have implemented this

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

  - Fine-grained routing:

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

  Support all Nginx built-in variables as conditions for routing, so you can use cookie, args, etc. as routing conditions to implement canary release, A/B testing, etc.  Apache APISIX provides operators that serve as judgment conditions for routing and a custom routing matching function. By using GraphQL attributes, APISIX allows you to filter routes.

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

  - OPS friendly:

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

>   Apache APISIX has been adopted amongst organisation’s DevOps team because of it Ops-friendly strategy.

Reviewer 4: How about adding some examples here? Please consult here  https://github.com/Anita-ihuman/apisix/tree/Introduction#features
Else it looks a bit vague.

Reviewer 3: @Anita-ihuman Please check this out. :)

Author: Implementd

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

  - Multi-Language support:

>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```

>   Apache APISIX is a multi-language gateway for plugin development and supports multiple languages via RPC and Wasm. Developers can choose the language according to their needs and only need to write the code according to the SDK before compiling it to Wasm bytecode. APISIX has support for Java, Golang, Python and Node.js. 

Reviewer 4: ```Apache APISIX is a multi-language gateway for plugin development and supports multiple languages via RPC and Wasm. Developers choose the language according to their needs and write the code according to the language-specific SDKs. The plugin can be integrated with APISIX by compiling it to Wasm (WebAssembly) bytecode. Optionally, developers can leverage the `plugin runners` to implement specific RPC methods (the actual business logic). Currently, APISIX supports plugin runners in Java, Golang, Python and Node.js. ```

You ended up mingling two different domains. Please correct this.

>   Apache APISIX is a multi-language gateway for plugin development and supports multiple languages via RPC and Wasm. Developers can choose the language according to their needs and only need to write the code according to the SDK before compiling it to Wasm bytecode. APISIX has support for Java, Golang, Python and Node.js. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Apache APISIX is a multi-language gateway for plugin development and supports multiple languages via RPC and Wasm. Developers can choose the language according to their needs and only need to write the code according to the SDK before compiling it to Wasm bytecode. APISIX has support for Java, Golang, Python and Node.js.
```

# limitations under the License.
#
-->

> ## What is an API Gateway?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

## What is an API Gateway?
```

#
-->

## What is an API Gateway

> An API gateway is an API management tool that acts as a mid-layer service between a client and a number of backend services. Typically, the API gateway receives the client's requests and processes them by summoning multiple microservices, aggregating the services, and returning the appropriate results.

Reviewer 4: Some external references and links would be very helpful here for newcomers.

Apache APISIX facilitates interface traffic handling for Websites, Mobile and IoT applications by providing services such as load balancing, dynamic upstream, grayscale publishing, refined routing, current and speed limiting, and many more.

### The problem APISIX solves

  - Help enterprises to solve the difficulties in the transformation of traditional monolithic architecture, so as to achieve rapid iteration of business and products.
  - Apache APISIX replaces NGINX and handles traditional north-south traffic. It also replaces Envoy to handle east-west traffic between services.
  - Handles Layer 4 and Layer 7 traffic: HTTP, HTTPs, TCP, UDP, MQTT, Dubbo, gRPC, etc.
  - It can also be used as a [K8s ingress controller](https://github.com/apache/apisix-ingress-controller).
  - Use IdP plugin as Zero-Trust gateway
  - Easy to use: APISIX also consists of a built-in low-code dashboard that offers a powerful and flexible interface. You can write your own custom plugins or use custom load balancing algorithms.

>   - Apache APISIX supports multi-platforms, languages and protocols.

Reviewer 4: @Anita-ihuman the line is edundant. It's been already covered in features. It's safe to remove this.

  - Multi-Platform Support:
  APISIX is a cloud native, open source API gateway. You can run APISIX from bare-metal to Kubernetes. Since APISIX supports ARM64, it avoids the lock-in challenge of the infrastructure technology. It also provides integration to cloud providers like AWS Lambda, Azure Functions, Lua functions and Apache OpenWhisk.
  - Fully Dynamic:
  The biggest feature of Apache APISIX is that it is fully dynamic. That includes routing, SSL certificates, plugins, upstream etc. All features are dynamically configured through the admin API, without having to restart the service at all.
  - Fine-grained routing:
  Support all Nginx built-in variables as conditions for routing, so you can use cookie, args, etc. as routing conditions to implement canary release, A/B testing, etc.  Apache APISIX provides operators that serve as judgment conditions for routing and a custom routing matching function. By using GraphQL attributes, APISIX allows you to filter routes.
  - OPS friendly:
  Apache APISIX has been adopted amongst organisation’s DevOps team because of it Ops-friendly strategy.
  - Multi-Language support:

>   Apache APISIX is a multi-language gateway for plugin development and supports multiple languages via RPC and Wasm. Developers can choose the language according to their needs and only need to write the code according to the SDK before compiling it to Wasm bytecode. APISIX has support for Java, Golang, Python and Node.js.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  Apache APISIX is a multi-language gateway for plugin development and supports multiple languages via RPC and Wasm. Developers choose the language according to their needs and write the code according to the language-specific SDKs. The plugin can be integrated with APISIX by compiling it to Wasm (WebAssembly) bytecode. Optionally, developers can leverage the `plugin runners` to implement specific RPC methods (the actual business logic). Currently, APISIX supports plugin runners in Java, Golang, Python and Node.js.
```
The current comment merges two separate domains (wasm and rpc). How about a bit of rephrasing? cc @leslie-tsang @Anita-ihuman

Reviewer 3: LGTM :)
